
Hermes Online Test
-----------------

Approach - Sincere efforts to provide value add to the organization.
--------

"Logged into git and setup complete using username and email and forked & cloned the 
project to local, identified the observation which will provide value to the project and as 
well as for the organization. I have also rechecked NPM install.

Observations noted in the overall artifacts
--------------------------------------------
In Feature file - 

i) The Site should be specifically defined in feature so that everyone understands either
in test or some document referring to the test.

ii) The test may be enhanced to different user roles to cover the over test

In Scenario 1 - Then condition 

Observation: assertstatus 201- “This a good practice to report”

There should be a message to the user on the result in the Then clause for each scenario

iii) There should be Given if there is prerequisite in each scenario so that
the required prerequisite are not missed

(iv)Can rephrase the Feature 
Can include a header for the feature like this

# features/myRegister.feature

(v)Including more detail such as roles below - Admin normal user etc.,
As a user<Mention user role as applicable>
I need to register in <Specific site>
So that I can see myself registered in <Specific site>

Note: Maintaining a standard format across all the feature file and step definition files
is necessary to make maintenance easy. For the all the test there should some comment line say for e.g.,

(vi)Comments in the script will add more value to the project
In the database_steps.js - need to give brief comment to to differentiate setup steps, test
steps(When ,And, Then) and teardown steps.

Similarly for the questions. Feature also includes as applicable 

Below is my observation/suggestion
/* comments wherever it’s necessary
As a user
I need to register in <Specific site>
So that I can see myself registered in <Specific site>

/* for questioner
As a questioner
I want to ask questions 
So that I can make myself answered
 Note: mention specifics as applicable
(vii)Test data for the specific user role should be handy or should be got before test
(viii)All the Then class should return the response and user defined text to clearly pin 
point what is the issue with the application on failures

(ix) Features to add new users - value adds

a) Adding test specific to User roles and also for functionalities such as edit or delete questions, or find questions and answers


Edit:

Scenario: Editing the HermesWS site
Given I login as a <<Admin>> in HermesWS site
And I edit the details
So that I am able to edit the details in the site
Note: The role can be parameterized for different story and run it
to make the design & execution effort more simple.


Delete

Scenario: Delete details in the Hermes’s site

Given I login as a <<Admin>> in HermesWS site
And I find the record details
So that I am able to details the details in the site

Find: 

Scenario: Finding details in the HermesWS site
Given I login as a <<Admin>> in HermesWS site
And I find the record details
Then I display records found

(x)In the q-and-a.js -  A Q&A Application witha
Note: There should be a space between with and a


API specification


On going through the code it looks good, observation of the package are noted above.

On execution of q-and-a.js . - observed 
Process finished with exit code 0

As far as testing this approach my approach is to use Adavnced Rest client so that I can track the result. Also I will
check the all the web services request and response and on all acceptance criteria met I will sign off the
product and raise impediment for the issue cases and complete it.


(xi)Testing strategy for the inputs
For e.g., if so error handling should be taken care in the function. This is very important so that
application will not crash at any point of time and all our efforts go in vain. This should be strictly followed in q-and-a.js
including all positive and negative conditions as per the requirement of the product.

(xii) Also the dead code may be removed from deployment system on production environment.


(xii)I will follow simple basic rules such as Name cannot be empty, cannot contain alphanumeric characters



It is prime importance in the approach to verify the request and response using the Advanced Rest Client and Postman as well as necessarily

It is very good to follow the cucumber Gherkin format and keeping in mind it can be
understood by all users. Also write simple code and reliable code is of prime importance since it will
reduce maintenance work in future


I had some issues with raising defects in github and hence included my observation in the separate file in for the same. I would like to tag the
this under label Bug and tagged your name so that you are aware of it and highlighted the issues using the formatting feature in github.I am attaching 
a file Online Test Hermes.txt for the same.











